Q1.
A company has an API to manage purchase orders, with each record identified by a unique purchase order ID. The API was built with RAML according to 
MuleSoft best practices.
What URI should a web client use to request order P05555?
ANSWER: A/orders/{P05555}
Q2.
A Database On Table Row listener retrieves data from a CUSTOMER table that contains a primary key userjd column and an increasing kxjin_date_time column.
 Neither column allows duplicate values.
How should the listener be configured so it retrieves each row at most one time?
ANSWER: ASet the watermark column to the bgin_date_time column
Q3.
Refer to the exhibits.
What payload and quantity are logged at the end of the main flow?
ANSWER:B[[order1, order2, order3, order4], 14]
Q4.
A Mule project contains a DataWeave module called MyModule.dwl that defines a function named formatString. 
The module is located in the project's src/main/resources/modules folder.
What is the correct way in DataWeave code to import MyModule using a wildcard and then call the module's formatString function?
ANSWER:AOption 
Q5.
What condition requires using a CloudHub Dedicated Load Balancer?
ANSWER:A) When cross-region load balancing is required between separate deployments of the same Mule application
Q6.
When designing an upstream API and its implementation, the development team has been advised to not set timeouts when invoking downstream API.
 Because the downstream API has no SLA that can be relied upon. This is the only donwstream API dependency of that upstream API. Assume the downstream API
 runs uninterrupted without crashing. What is the impact of this advice?
ANSWER:AThe invocation of the downstream API will run to completion without timing out.
Q7.
An API has been updated in Anypoint Exchange by its API producer from version 3.1.1 to 3.2.0 following 
accepted semantic versioning practices and the changes have been communicated via the API's public portal. The API endpoint does
 NOT change in the new version. 
How should the developer of an API client respond to this change?
ANSWER:A) The API client code ONLY needs to be changed if it needs to take advantage of new features.
Q8.
A new upstream API Is being designed to offer an SLA of 500 ms median and 800 ms maximum (99th percentile) response time. 
The corresponding API implementation needs to sequentially invoke 3 downstream APIs of very similar complexity. The first of these downstream APIs offerS
 the following SLA for its response time: median: 100 ms, 80th percentile: 500 ms, 95th percentile: 1000 ms. If possible, how can a timeout be set 

in the upstream 
API for the invocation of the first downstream API to meet the new upstream API's desired SLA?
ANSWER:A) Set a timeout of 100 ms; that leaves 400 ms for the other two downstream APIs to complete
Q9.
An organization has several APIs that accept JSON data over HTTP POST. The APIs are all publicly available and are associated with several mobile 
applications and web applications. The organization does NOT want to use any authentication or compliance policies for these APIs, but at the same time, is 
worried that some bad actor could send payloads that could somehow compromise the applications or servers running the API implementations.
What out-of-the-box 
Anypoint Platform policy can address exposure to this threat?
ANSWER: AApply a Header injection and removal policy that detects the malicious data before it is used
Q10.
An organization is implementing a Quote of the Day API that caches today's quote. What scenario can 
use the CloudHub Object Store connector to persist the cache's state?
ANSWER:AWhen there is one deployment of the API implementation to CloudHub and another one to customer hosted mule
 runtime that must share the cache state.
ANSWER:A) When there is one CloudHub deployment of the API implementation to three workers that must share the cache state.
Q11.
An organization is evaluating using the CloudHub shared Load Balancer (SLB) vs creating a CloudHub dedicated load balancer (DLB). They are evaluating
 how this choice affects the various types of certificates used by CloudHub deployed Mule applications, including MuleSoft-provided, customer-provided, 
or Mule application-provided certificates. What type of restrictions exist on 
the types of certificates for the service that can be exposed by the CloudHub Shared Load Balancer (SLB) to external web clients over the public internet?
ANSWER:AUnderlying Mule applications need to implement own certificates
Q12.
Refer to the exhibit. What are the values of the counter and stepVar variables in the On Complete phase?
ANSWER:A)  Counter: 1, stepVar: null
Q13.
What MuleSoft product enables publishing, sharing, and searching of APIs?
ANSWER:Anypoint Exchange
Q14.
Refer to the exhibit. What are the values of the counter and stepVar variables after the Batch Job?
ANSWER:Counter: 1, stepVar: null
Q15.
A Batch Job scope has three batch steps. An event processor in the second batch step throws an error becausethe input data is incomplete.
What is the default behavior of the batch job after the error is thrown?
ANSWER:All processing of the batch job stops
Q16.
Refer to the exhibits. What is the output of the Logger component in the Batch Job?
ANSWER:[.333, .667, 1, 1.333]
Q17.
In a RAML specification, what attribute defines a query parameter to be optional for a resource?
ANSWER:Required: false
Q18.
What is NOT part of a Mule 3 message?
Answer:Variables
Q19.
What out-of-the-box policy can safeguard against Denial of Service type attacks?
ANSWER:Rate limiting
Q20.
A Mule application properties file named training-DEVproperties has been defined. How is the properties file referenced in the Mule application?
ANSWER:) In a Property Placeholder element
Q21.
What port number is used to expose the domain URL of a Mule application deployed to CloudHub?
ANSWER:8081
Q22.
What message processor can set the HTTP response status code to 200?
ANSWER:Property
Q23.
What property of a Mule message is immutable?
ANSWER:InboundProperties
Q24.
A Mule application has two flows named parentFlow and childFlow. A variable is defined in parentFlow. What is true for a Mule subflow?
ANSWER:It is executed synchronously
Q25.
What is the default processing strategy of a one-way flow?
ANSWER:Queued-asynchronous
Q26.
What is required for two Mule applications to share data using a VM connector component?
ANSWER:Put the Mule applications in the same non-default Mule domain
Q27.
How are outbound properties automatically passed to an outbound REST request using an HTTP Request component?
ANSWER:As headers
Q28.A WSDL defines a conversionRate operation with an input message that requires two parts: fromCurrency and toCurrency. How are fromCurrency and to
Currency set in the flow in order to call the conversionRate operation using a Web Service Consumer component?
ANSWER:In the message payload
Q29.
What is NOT a way to pass data to a RESTful web service in a flow using an outbound HTTP Request component?
ANSWER:Set inbound properties before the HTTP Request component
Q30.
What asset can NOT be created using Anypoint Platform Design Center?
ANSWER:API portals
Q31.
An exception is caught by a choice exception strategy. How is the exception routed?
ANSWER:To the first exception strategy whose condition evaluates to true
Q32.
How is a default exception strategy set in a Mule application?
ANSWER:In a configuration global element in any Mule configuration XML file
Q33.
A Payload filter is configured to test for type javalang_String. What happens when the filter is passed a message with the payload null?
 ANSWER:All subsequent message processors are skipped
Q34.
What module and operation will throw an exception if a Mule event's payload is not a number?
ANSWER:Validation module’s Is number operation
Q35.
A Mule flow has a JMS queue listener as the message source. Where can the next message processor access a JMS messages header?
ANSWER:Inbound property
Q36.
What part of a Mule flow can contain a Poll scope?
ANSWER:Message source
Q37.
How is a Poll scope's watermark accessed from a message processor in a flow?
ANSWER:In a session variable
Q38.
A File connector configured to read files from a /mule/input directory. All other File connector settings are the default settings. What 
 to a file after it is processed by the File connector?
ANSWER:The file is deleted from the input directory, but is not moved anywhere
Q39.
What phase of a batch job using a Batch scope must contain at least one message processor?
ANSWER:Process Records
Q40.
A message payload is modified using a Message Enricher scope with an empty target. What is true about the message payload that leaves the Message 
Enricher scope?
ANSWER:The payload is changed to the modified payload
Q41.
A Batch scope has three batch steps. A message processor in the second batch step throws an exception because the input data is incomplete.
What is the default behavior after the exception is thrown?
ANSWER:Continues to the third batch step
Q42.
What is the purpose of the api:router element in APIkit?
ANSWER:Validates requests against RAML API specifications and routes them to API implementations
Q43.
What is the scope of a record variable in a Batch scope?
ANSWER:In the message source, each batch step, and the On Complete phase
Q44.
A web client submits a GET request to a Mule 4 application to the endpoint /customers?id=48493. Where is the id stored in the Mule event by the 
HTTP Listener?
ANSWER: Attributes
Q45.
Assume that a database table contains a record ID column that always increases as new records get added to the table. In a Mule application, what is thE
 key process to enable manual watermarking for requests to a database using the Scheduler endpoint and the Database SELECT operation?
ANSWER:Set the Watermark column in the Scheduler endpoint to the recordID
Q46.
How is the success of a Center for enablement measured?
ANSWER:Measured on number of assets available
Q47.What are four ways APIs provide the info for how to communicate with a software component? 
ANSWER:Operations
Q47.
This defines what you can call, what you send it, and what you get back:
ANSWER:Web Service
Q48.
An API has been created in Design Center. What is the next step to make the API discoverable?
ANSWER:Publish the API to Anypoint Exchange.
Q49.
What is an application that controls access to a web service, restricting access and usage with an API gateway?
ANSWER:
API Specification
Q50.
What is the actual implementation you can make calls to or the interface of that API implementation?
ANSWER:Web Service
Q51.How are SOAP web services defined?
ANSWER:In an XML-based WSDL (Web Services Description Language) file
Q52.
In what file does the Mule project keep track of all of its dependencies?
ANSWER:Pom.xml
Q53.
What do RESTful web services use?
ANSWER:Existing HTTP communication protocol
Q54.
Which RESTful web service request method partially updates a resource?
ANSWER:PUT
Q55.
Which RESTful web service request method creates a new resource?
ANSWER:POST
Q56.
An inbound Database connector is configured to select rows from a MySQL database. What is the format of results returned from the database query?
ANSWER:JSON
Q57.
Which RESTful web service request method deletes a resource?
ANSWER:DELETE
Q58.
What is NOT part of a Mule 4 event?
ANSWER:InboundProperties
Q59.
What file type is required to configure a Web Service Consumer to consume a SOAP web service?
ANSWER:WSDL
Q60.
How does APIkit determine the number of flows to generate from a RAML specification?
ANSWER:Creates a separate flow for each resource that contains child resources
Q61.
What is the purpose of API autodiscovery?
ANSWER: Allows a deployed Mule application to connect with API Manager to download policies and act as its own API proxy
Q62.1.	Refer to the exhibit:
#%RAML 1.0 title: ACME Medical API baseUri: https://dev.acme.com/api /patients: GET: queryParameters: year: type: integer example: 2017 What is the correct URL to perform a GET request to /patients?
ANSWER:Http://dev.acme.com/patients?year=2016
Q63.
Which RESTful web service request method retrieves the current state of a resource in some representation (usually JSON or XML)
ANSWER:POST
Q64.
Which RESTful web service request method replaces a resource completely? (If the resources doesn't exist a new one is created)
ANSWER:PUT
Q65.
What are four benefits of API portals? (Choose 4)
ANSWER:
Documentation and examples
 
Way to register applications and get access to the API
 
Way to provide feedback and make requests
 
Way to test the API by making calls to it
Q66.
What takes data and devices connected with APIs to make them pluggable and to create reusable services?
ANSWER:Application network
Q67.
What is a method of communication that allows two software systems to exchange data over the internet?
ANSWER:WEBSERVICE
Q68.
What provides info for how to communicate with a software component?
ANSWER:API
Q69.
What do RESTful web services use?
ANSWER:Standard HTTP protocol
Q70.
When a REST API is added to the exchange, what is automatically created for it?
ANSWER:API Portal
Q71.
What are three things an API portal has? 
ANSWER:Auto-generated API endpoint that uses a mocking service
Q72.
What application is used for building integration apps that connect systems and consume APIs?
ANSWER:Flow Designer
Q73.
What application is used for implementing APIs and building integration applications?
ANSWER:Flow Designer
Q74.What application is used for designing, documenting, and mocking APIs?
ANSWER:ANYPOINTSTUDIO
Q75.
What is the language Mule uses to access, query, and transform event data?
ANSWER:DataWeave 2.0
Q76.
What does the Mule runtime use to enforce policies and limit access to APIs?
ANSWER:API Manager
Q77.
What HTTP method in a RESTful web service is typically used to replace a resource completely?
ANSWER:PUT
Q78.
What is a core characteristic of the Modern API?
ANSWER:API is designed first using an API specification for rapid feedback
Q79.
Where does a deployed flow designer application run in Anypoint Platform?
ANSWER:Clouhhub Worker
Q80.
A flow has a JMS Publish consume operation followed by a JMS Publish operation. Both of these operations have the default configurations. Which operation 
is asynchronous (does not wait for a response before continuing to the next event processor) and which operation is synchronous (blocks and waits for a
 response or timeout before continuing to the next event processor)?
ANSWER:Publish consume: Synchronous. Publish: Synchronous








 




